This is a landing page for a new school named Colmar Academy where I used a wireframe provided by Codecademy to mimic the positioning of the elements, which helped me focus on the flow of the site without getting sidetracked with design decisions. I built this project because it was an opportunity for me to showcase all my web development skills by building a website from scratch with little guidance. My motivation was simply to show potential employers that I am comfortable with using all the knowledge that I gained from the Build a Website with HTML, CSS, and GitHub Pages Skill Path to put together a well polish responsive website from scratch. To make the website responsive, I used flexbox, position, and offset properties within one media query. Flexbox is what helped me achieve the proper spacing of the icons in the responsive navigation bar. The one thing that I did learn from completing the building of the Colmar Academy Capstone project is that when I am writing CSS rules for a media query, I must be specific when it comes to the selectors I am choosing. Making the website responsive was a struggle for me in the beginning. But over time, I discovered that I was having the most success in making my design responsive by experimenting with position and offset properties. As far as the color scheme, I took a simple approach and used shades of gray throughout the page, being so my main focus was on the flow of the site and it’s responsiveness. Going forward, I would like to go back through some of Codecademy’s practice sessions and get more comfortable with using Flexbox. I am also planning on learning JavaScript to add interactivity to my websites. When testing the responsiveness, please be sure to make the browser window as narrow as possible. 
